Promise, tell me, my life, is not to you a burden.
lifeless, silence, my mind, is such a wasteful parent
Deadly, empty, worthless, body is filled with sorrow
headless, forlorn, broken, ennui is here tomorrow
Corpses, painting the floor red
Ogre deep in despondence
Potion I keep in my pocket
Ready to leave this planet...
Carbon Monoxide taught me to drop my guard like a rock slide
horrible thoughts, I
Can't erase them, patiently lost my mind
Can't find it
Violence, feeling the violence grow like the heaviness
deep in my eyelids, slow
is the growth of the blue stained
butane mind with a dose of obtuse fame, leaves me in new chains, blind
to the horrible loss...
Tell me, how much does torturing cost?
Is it okay that you opened my chest
to steal all the treasure, til nothing is left?
Damn. I don't pretend
I don't remember the photographs taken
the ones on the mountain
all I see is a person hiding behind what it cost him
Never could afford any diamonds
always was poor, pouring my heart out
Core in a large drought,
Lord, need a sorcerer, hoping the horrid days
stop stabbing with four inch blades
Recording these morbid states
for a chance to absorb these plays
but the acting became the embodiment of saudade
and I'm lost at Sea
Nobody asks what it's costing me
Nobody sees how the caustic sea
emotional upheaval exhausting me
Sorrow stains, and the monster bleeds
body became such an awkward scene
Lost in the flame like a thoughtless beast
bottled the shame with the cost of peace.
Promise, tell me, my life, is not to you a burden.
lifeless, silence, my mind, is such a wasteful parent
Deadly, empty, worthless, body is filled with sorrow
headless, forlorn, broken, ennui is here tomorrow
Promise, tell me, my life, is not to you a burden.
lifeless, silence, my mind, is such a wasteful parent
Deadly, empty, worthless, body is filled with sorrow
headless, forlorn, broken, ennui is here tomorrow
Holographic static in the attic
cytoplasmic grief became a combatant
piecing together the pieces of me that were left
scattered like glass on the planet
Casual tragedy, ammo they have
can erase with disaster's deeds
I can't stop. cause' I have to be
Archaeologist
Find the fossils quick, it's impossible
kicked me out when I was in the hospital
At the time I thought it was improbable
didn't think that we would split like Popsicle
Different logic though,
Wanted to leave, but she made me stay
every time I tried to run away
but the moment I needed foundation, she left
told me she'd never abandon, she did.
Never could trust anybody else since
I'd be dead before I ever love again, right?
Love isn't worth getting stabbed in the chest
Never turned back, only have these regrets
Left her mark like I'm wet cement
Cupid was dumb when he targeted my ribs
I'm disgusting, the cost of exposing my sin
Was the weight of these boulders again
tossed on my back like I'm Sisyphus,
I wanted to love? that's Ridiculous.
Promise, tell me, my life, is not to you a burden.
lifeless, silence, my mind, is such a wasteful parent
Deadly, empty, worthless, body is filled with sorrow
headless, forlorn, broken, ennui is here tomorrow
Promise, tell me, my life, is not to you a burden.
lifeless, silence, my mind, is such a wasteful parent
Deadly, empty, worthless, body is filled with sorrow
headless, forlorn, broken, ennui is here tomorrow
