The emotion cascades like waterfalls of rage,
Red rapids of anguish, keep pouring on the page like
Opaque light, the stage strikes, napalms embrace any chain
In my grip, orange metal is a strange light
Lasers blast through the tunnel vision
Carving through graphene when I touch a written
V isn’t fake, He isn’t scared, V doesn’t break
V is a ventriloquist, barely awake
skill exists to syllable script, bars like refillable clips
100 lines every day
Who the fuck blazes the page, day after day
The twelve gauge engages a rib cage
Blast, til the chest dies
Ever since hatred,
became the same type of hardness
I tried to escape, right?
Simian strength shattering stage fright
Lyrical grace gripping the pained mic.
Spiritual space glowing with torment
Fomenting masochist living to erase light “BANG!”
Brown Dwarf hangs in the balance
Radioactive with isotopic violence
Tropical storms exists behind the eyelids
People never know all the suffering I did
To write like this, bloodletting on the mic
Building inside the silence
Vying for the Throne, Poseidon blessing my gift
Brick after brick, sonic thaumaturgic science
Failed little star with a fury in my ribs
Ringo became Rogue, then buried what he did
With an IFS, I ingest this psycho stress
Entire depth like Hydra heads
Flow deep, it’s a bottled truth with dopeness
Deep inside your chest like mononucleosis
Follow you with closeness
Cobblestone lungs bleeding death
See the stress inside swallow you like, OH SHIT!
Myth maker, fakers get parried, couldn’t copy me
Spit danger, that’s the new philosophy
Using logic, suit of armor bleeds so it’s worthless to me
I’d rather the armor of Deuteronomy
Who is stopping me?
Impossible when the armory inside is glowing white
Unmistakable, like a cosmic scream
This poet bleeds, bespoke disease
That flows with ease, my soul bitter
Compression sweeter like coca leaves (WOW!)
Continental stride
Every step I take crosses the horizon line
Giant, Attack on Titan, I’m a real menace
Rap M. Bison, Psycho Power in the field
But my pressure congealed
And the energy of steel lets this identity
Break free to leave a real message
I’ll never be small again
The bloodline inside, it carries the heart of Him
Staring at the mirror like, when do I start again?
NOW IS THE TIME TO SHATTER A HEART OF SIN
I’ll never be small again
The bloodline inside, it carries the heart of Him
Staring at the mirror like, when do I start again?
NOW IS THE TIME TO SHATTER A HEART OF SIN
I’ll never be small again
The bloodline inside, it carries the heart of Him
Staring at the mirror like, when do I start again?
NOW IS THE TIME TO SHATTER A HEART OF SIN
