I don't care about scar tissues
I just care that I miss you
I prepared my life knowing my life is no longer yours
but I love you enough just to keep it alive
cause' nobody is a measure to you
and I tried to remember the bruises
Tried to remember the truth
and then I did
And the end result, is there's nobody like you...
So I wait for the call.
Wait for the message. Wait for response.
but I can't even stop ruminating every day seeing your face
but I stopped reaching out, a mistake.
Haven't touch a woman since,
They are not my home, and it doesn't make sense,
like you
It never made sense like you
I can't pretend that they do.
emotions are too strong to tame,
and I can't erase the way I want you,
but it's too late
I'm a few screws too loose,
nuclear suitcase
Stupid, it's too fake to ever let go when my feelings are my real face.
and I'm not scared to admit that I love you
And that nobody else is ever above you
probably die from emotional struggle
I'd rather hold on than admit that we're rubble
and maybe I'm dumb. Maybe the muscle
of my heart real strong when my mind is crushed though
I grew my hair longer just like Repunzel
because you loved it, and I love what you love too.
I still separate the purple skittles.
I still cook eggs with the cheese that you like
And it's hurts to remember the things I went through
to love you enough that I shared my life
I'm drowning in sorrow, The grief of tomorrow
not being near you and having no bottles
I even quit weed just to process the heart break
I screamed to the sky and I witnessed the stars shake
I wanted to love you as much as I could
couldn't let go of the allure of being misunderstood
Kisses good night, the way that you held me
I miss it every night. I wish I could tell you the things that I want
but I can't. and It's haunts me when I dream at night
Hayley, if you hear this, I'm sorry
I know that I played games and acted retarded
I know that my shame had my soul disregarded
I know that you only wanted me, not the artist
I'm sorry. I couldn't let go of the darkness.
I was too scared if I did I'd be lost
but Now I know God has my body regardless
Loss after loss has my skull in despondence
I wanted to love you. I know it was poisoned
I know I was abusive when backed into a corner
I know I was worthless, A thorn on your side at my best
but I can't erase the way that my chest feels.
Suppressed the river enough
stress delivering drugs. I reject it. I guess my liver is plugged.
head configured to duck
memorized the cracks on the ground
too much of a bitch, to lift my head up
Lifetimes... pouring in the sea
from the golden chalice
soulless malice
whispers underneath the willow tree (Oooooohhhhh)
pillow talk is all I want
I'm just a will o wisp
Low key enough hide in a crowd
The child inside
you know who that is. (Oooooohhhhh)
I love you so much,
that I want your last name.
I want to be yours.
I'm sorry if that's not okay. (Oooooohhhhh)
I can't remember a day
that I felt content
since the day that I left
And flew away from the sound of your breath. (Oooooohhhhh)
So many memories
I can't just throw them away. (Oooooohhhhh)
Come back, or don't
either way, you'll remain. (Oooooohhhhh)
Either way, you'll remain.
I miss the scent of petrichor
that we shared, while walking in the rain. (Oooooohhhhh)
I love you.
I'm sorry.
