Depression king, the Sad Luffy, the East Blue Tyrant
Unleash New Tyson
Monarch of beef, King Cow
Think, now and I slaughter the beat, like a monster


Rap raw ignition.
Scimitar slick jaw is spitting, laughter at rapper conniptions
Gather the steam from their ears
And use it to as fuel
For self esteem as a repair
Yes, I know it's weird
build off aggravation
It's not my fault they play with my despair

They defined the terror I made,
I ride the snare
Like a psychic vortex, professor X Whirlpool
Tamed a monster like I'm Hercule
But in the dictionary of pain, face placed with the word cruel
A paradox, Bruce Banner and Shaun Murphy
Diagnosing the cap, it can't hurt me
Smart enough to have mercy
But angry enough to snap a fist with a massive pinkie.

Baby rappers diss, have a binkie
Pull your pants up before you try to rap against me
You're vacuous and empty
Stepped into your gravity chamber
then I instantly thought,
how the fuck can he challenge me? (Tragedy!)
Battling amateur rappers as shameful
As elderly battery
But I love battering wack MCs
Like a plaster, Caspers are friendly
You brave little toaster.
My dick is too big to fit in any holster
You like to talk syllables
This is exposure
Listen, cold fireflies in the kitchen
Owl city melodies haunting my vision
But I love spitting with subs while tongue twisting the drugs
They publishing response, I don't listen
The cost?, I don't mention a name, they still sweating
Insane, I kill mental estate with one pencil.

Innovate every day
Say the words they afraid to say
Ain't afraid to eliminate
Databases shatter when they maintain
10% of my output in any single day
Cosmic Buccaneer,
Logic is tough in here
Six pack abs made of adjectives, my underwear
Placed where my sack is, you can see the S
Superman is packing like UPS

BIPOLAR BEAR, MY MOLARS TEAR
Your bald ass shines for attention, Krillin Solar Flare
Kill a soul like drilling holes in shoes, yes, I’m going there!
scuff your Tims and smack your baseball cap off your skull, beware.
Golden hair, mesmerized stares standing unaware
The Alien is here to Sell the planet for a folding chair
United Nations expected surrender, then my soul? It flares
Evaporate the parliament, left is ash and scorching chairs

BIPOLAR BEAR, MIND? COLDEST SPHERE
I encoded fear inside the schemes like my coda tears
Soul eventually is so revered
That I cycle through the centuries to reinvent the wheel
Now my soul is HERE

Photographic memory for soul and spirit (YEAH!!)
Protoplasmic entity of code and lyrics (YEAH!!!)
Autographed Identity is potent mystic (YEAH!!!)
Psychopath intensity, devoted LYRICS!! (YEAH!!!!)

The wizard of bath salts
Blitz at the cat? Fall.
You’re kissing the Asphalt
I’m shredding these rag dolls
Metamorph muse,
Couldn’t measure the blast off
pressure cracks, slabs crafted with Graphene
Mastered rap, fantastic the lazarus pen is back
Lackadaisical hand speed
Crafts a rap, laces tracks at your top speed
Play this back, I haven’t tried being cocky.

[Cinematic Outro]
Bipolar BEAR! BIPOLAR BEAR!
Stare at the Iceberg
Swear that I’ll see you
it’s Echolocation
Tuning Fork, getting set to your station
You contort? But I see your bones
With a thick gravitation.

Your blood isn’t blue, it’s an Aquamarine,
The green burrows deep
In your dreams when you sleep
And I’ll be here
I am the people who laughed
A metronome Heart couldn’t beat like a mean snare
Genius? Or Deep Fear?
Either you last
Swim in the tundra
Lovecraftian mansion, and I’ll be there.

BIPOLAR BEAR, BIPOLAR BEAR
mind of a Klingon? This isn’t Ping Pong.
BIPOLAR BEAR, BIPOLAR BEAR
THE FIREWORK TRACK STAR ISN’T VOLCANO
You’re an F without a number
YOU’RE NOT A TORNADO.

(Tornado! Tornado!)
