[Verse 1]
Ash Ketchum with the big balls, I bring shocking monsters
tame white rapids, arc sparks, box Blanka
Trailer Park darkness morphed with High Brow Linguistics
lifting eyebrows of explicit critics
make the high rap wrap like Christmas gifts stuffed with hemp leaves

Empty-headed MCs couldn't even speak
never mind rhyme in frenzies, so why now
would they ever align with live doom
going against V?
dead when you hear "It's High Noon"
you respawn inside a white room in despondence

I appear, angry face, say "I never liked you"
hand wave, five-by-eight impossible rectangle
carved around your space
fall in a purgatory place
where pigs feast on rage

Now feel your bones break,
snap to paste then escape as a stain. (Woah.)
Crayola rage getting paid with a peso?
I need more funding, pounds of flesh? Halos?
Sounds of death like grey smoke
from Gabriel's horn, bringing war with a swarm and a plain robe

Born to bang, dope, lord of deranged sorcery
estranged at the core, paradoxical orb
made of fire and ice, desire and black hope
opaque love, caked plague on the console glass. (Oh.)

[Break]
AirTag beeping from the suitcase
too late to power down the phone pretty two-face.

[Chorus]
I saw the black sofa on the Snapchat. (Huh.)
Genes contrast over UV lamps. (Ugh.)
Weed is bad, I shouldn't need that... Right.
Ether's bad, but they needed it last night... BOOM! BOOM!

[Verse 2]
Lord of leprosy, mortis energy sourced from misery
organs trickling, black blood
pulpy viscera, Lovecraftian licorice morphing energy
tendrils spanning through the vision like recording screens
hoarding entropy like a sword of might
thermodynamically avoiding death by absorbing light

Heard, I'm in service of rage when I punch out the stage fright
taking the lunch of my fear, I'm the Great Mic

Cupidity, stupidity, the same wine
vines made of envy
greener than the hue of Nickelodeon slime

There's plenty ways to climb ladders
I was still too weak...
to forge connections in a fire

Wind bells chime while melancholy flows through the globe.
rhythm in my skull synchronized with my soul's pulse
bones resonate, boom, like a boulder
dropped in a chasm, slamming into smolder

[Chorus]
Great Mic flows despite the grave sight
Ache and Angst, the enclave where my frame thrives
blaze with the pain, remain writhed in rage, disdain high
but try to maintain at the same time. Great Mic!!!! BOOM!! BOOM!!

[Verse 3]
Myopic diatribes eliminate
the hands of willing friends
elastic fickleness, withstanding holes
instead of filling them
Ability to weave a discordance something hostile
never novel, but a rifle is a rifle if the cost is you.
Bottled up blame, tried to paint
the monster horrible
Tried to throw away contempt
in sorrow, built an Oracle
Tomorrow, it will tell me build again
today? It's nothing new.
Crimson streaks decorating static in my living room.

[Bridge]
Never knew what to do
everywhere was still blue
until True Sight
showed me the Great Mic

Never knew what to do
everywhere was still blue
until True Sight
showed me the Great Mic

[Final Chorus]
The Great Mic glows with a Strange might
vocals exposed as a solar wave that bakes sight
Gemini mind from the wind pipe.
Align the frequency with indigo LIGHT! BOOM! BOOM!

[Cinematic Outro]
GREAT MIC! GREAT MIC!
The real self shines under UV LIGHT!!!

GREAT MIC! GREAT MIC!
The real self shines under UV LIGHT!!!
