Have you ever hated the visage your parents created enough
Trying every day, wipe away and erase it
A bad enough urge but combine it with a burn
That you bottled up
Harm was a sorrow as a liquid and you were the cup
Have you ever poured it?
Have you ever considered your genes Agent Orange?
And that's why you're childless?
Emotionally homeless?
As your hatred festers, a bowl full of poison?
Why are you broken?
Can you explain it, or do you even notice?
Talk to me, reflection
I'm tired of the dark heir
Tired of the lie I'm living that says I don't care
Because I do
And that's the wrong way to live
When you're trying to climb up the cold stares
Fuck. Listen
I never wanted to be me, that's a prison
Been grim like the thing, hard body but a victim
To my own mind, algorithm, hit em
Cold blooded lizard, Started to feel warmth
Wizard of the Coast, misery I boast
Liberty or no? It's better to feel cold
My body feels better getting stabbed by a steel pole
Exhausted. I lost it.
I'm nauseous, I'm broken
But I'm better when I'm cracked, Kitsugi
It's better to live so I can be a big movie
Misery loves me, bitterness lives through me
In sickness and health I'll be eclipsed.
Swan dive inside the Abyss, that’s lit
Like a flare gun descending in the Mariana Trench, ugh
Never cap, bald truth like Patrick Stewart
Not afraid to admit I extract from sewers
The darkness inside with a flickering lantern
When I stare at the rats like death can’t be sooner.
In my own life I’m an active shooter
Hit targets, a rap computer
Big Martian that’s lacking stupor
Feel everything, even the neglect from the Wrath consumers. Damn.

[Bridge]
Celibate? It's voluntary
I don't need a person, complicating everything I built,
because I'm building monastaries
if I reach out, the glass slipper showing you a sign
Otherwise, Agent Orange leaves the future sterilized
Who am I to promise life when I barely stayed alive?
Truth is too aligned with my spirit to be redefined
he who skewers minds
also reads the room and understands when people need their time
to see the genius living on the screen
Redefining rhyme

[Verse 2, frantic, crazy, furious vocals]
Self hate percolates as bitterness
absinthe liquid
Gangrene genes in a basement
swirling in the cauldron like it's toilet water, boiling
smoke leaves a skull and bones floating over oil sheen
they all recoil at the sight of me
The yeti monster benihana chef cooking heavy lobster
leaves a trail of autumn leaves
even in a desert, cause' when August breathes,
death always seem to fucking follow me
Every where I step, I leave behind colors of Halloween
Bottled steam inside of my body to get a self esteem
all it did? Make the fucking tea kettle scream
Now I'm staring at the mirror, Motherfucker let it be.

[Cinematic Outro, belted chorus]
Emptiness instead of feeling, right?
Everywhere I go, I see that blight.
Ominous inside
the cumulus cloud?
It never seems to go.
It's time now for another episode.

Heaviness inside my chest tonight
Devastating pen, my kryptonite
Logically arrived
the cumulus cloud?
It never seems to shine..
It's time now for me to let it go...

Let me know I'm not a bastard
that's meant to die alone.

God, if you can hear me
I need you to let me go.

I'm not strong enough to hold on
to this barbed wire rope.

I'm sorry I'm not strong.
I have always been a ghost.

