[Verse 1]
Lyrical  rapper, spilling my heart out
heart bringing large droughts, rapper with a bard mouth
Card up my sleeve, a black Lotus,
bars when I breathe, the breath flows like text-gnosis
the best focus, let's go, the clip Bonkers.
Disrespectful posers getting their chest broken, detest jokers
They're actually Arthur, have to be harder
agony Parker, killing Ben, my tragedy darker (ugh)
You see the fire from the Golden Fist
So many rappers to choose, Eenie Miney Moe it is
Teeny Tiny poets wish, they could ever flow like this
Cannonball Scury bringing fire to relationships
never stop the Beretta Pops, I'm blasting shots...
Old school vision like a Magavox
Have to box rappers, even Shadows, sciamachy
I damage, speak, My battle steed
run into the war zone, scream like Cletus Cassidy
Deceit is rapidly depleting faculty
Diseased, I have to be, the pieces lacking glee,
I need to rap a scheme or else I'll feed the dragon in my skull
and then it has to bleed

[Chorus]
POLARITY!
POLARITY!
POLARITY!!!!!!!

[Verse 2]
The pull is gravity, my skull is blasting grease
onto the beat like gasoline.... damn.
Frothing from the mouth, honor has to  meet demand
Syncopated rhythm, algorithmically I'm grand
Act like Crocodile, I'm the water to a Sandman
You're allergic to a hook, are you peter Pan?
deceit is leaking from your skin, like a sweaty gland
Bloody, busted heavy hands
Musket loaded, deadly slam poetry, you understand?
Flowing like a fire hose, focused where the ire grows
potion with a higher dose, emotion like designer clothes
exposing with the tightest prose, supposedly the flow
is ordinary? I would love to see a rapper flowing fibonacci codes
fibbing nazi wrote another post to try to silence
Get your body thrown, into a fire pit
the only way I'm thrown is being monarch
The thief, a sawed off musket turns your heart off.
Elite, with a pentabyte pyramid for a brain, I'm a beast.
My name written stays steady in a puddle during sleet
Vox boxer, the text doctor,
boxing X' boxing Os, it's tic tac toe, I'm
Rick's capsule,this sick ass bow I'm wack?
 Is that so? this big black hole rhymes. with impact so, I
rip that flow like this dam broke! BYE!
G I Jokes try to incinerate me, I eliminate G's
silent letter in benign
Revived rapper, I discovered a gold mine,
Recovery won't die.
Suffering soul tied, until I broke free, got closure on my own
made the petrichor go by
Legend that don't try, BAM! Monster.
Begging for the Candy, you're Aaron Carter.
Compare the Authors.
what's an Auteur to the syllable King
I despair and conquor.

[Chorus]
POLARITY!
POLARITY!!!
POLARITY!!!!!

[Verse 3]
Polarity won't bury me, flow merrily over the beat
while concurrently, flamethrower the heat
composed an elite scheme with Dovakhin fleets
blowing the streets off  like scraping cement with the focus and speech
demonic reach, tectonic stride
psychotic thief, bionic eyes that glow like red fireflies
Body is a coral reef, dead and gray
color always fades Wonder always breaks,
til I'm trapped, banging on the wonderwall
thundering disdain, bludgeoning the veins
with a pickaxe, scraping at the wrist fat
left arm covered in more scars than skin cells
Sardonic Intel, Bardock with this skill
birthing vigor, words delivering a sickle cell anemia
this little hell I'm leaving ya will rip you up
Bodies love to pile into towers when I step inside the booth
weapons I produce leaving them shocked, purusuing truth
Truthful Rubix Cube, Voodoo oozing through the microphone
Stream of consciousness became a YouTube View
I'll never see it though
Views rising, still have the same fucking episodes
let me go and die inside the road of recovery
and be a statue for the dead
Grappling with death,
having been the same since I killed my inner child
bludgeoning an axe through his fucking neck...

[cinematic outro]
Disrespect isn't this.
I am large, I'm the negative charge, I'm Eclipse
body is stiff, logically dense
I wanna die, I wanna be fixed
I want to live, it is what it is.
A symptom of negative, get the hint.

Disrespect isn't this.
I am large, I'm the negative charge, I'm Eclipse
body is stiff, logically dense
I wanna die, I wanna be fixed
I want to live, it is what it is.
A symptom of negative, get the hint.
