[Chorus]
See the posts begin, Ether Dopian
Cold Olympian, protoplasmic wind.
Motivated grin, see the ocean? SWIM!
We control the grim, See the soul of ZIM

[Verse 1]
The emotion bends, cold and calculated
cobra pen, coalesced with sin
code is paved with strikes, in your lane
you're the bowling pin?
Humorous, I won't begin to lie and say you aren't
but confused, I guess
thought that you would try to fight the uselessness
Oozing with a hatred, they're confusing me with King Slime
Hooligan with pink rhymes,
Julian Assange mind
Chaos spreading through the runic speech
Fire Staff, the mic is fluid heat
Fire Bolt a rapper like I'm Judas Priest
Suit of armor gleams when I speak, I am too elite
marching through the beat, with a stride at the finest speed
looking like I'm gliding through the street
Synchronized, I approach you see an army of me
Like Naruto if he was there storming Normandy.
Accordian a corpse with ease
Contortionist a source of seething hatred,
Please, of course I bleed
My sorcery, is verbal alchemy, you know what that means?
I use a knife, extract my blood and make a vaccine!

[Chorus]
See the posts begin, Ether Dopian
Cold Olympian, protoplasmic wind.
Motivated grin, see the ocean? SWIM!
We control the grim, See the soul of ZIM

[Verse 2]
Majesty is rapping heat, tapestry like acid trips on blackest screens
pragmatically I'm at the peak
Passionate, magnetism like Max Eisenhardt
Man made of blue, couldn't atomize the MIND OF GOD that's inside a vase
My shield syllable Isengard
Type of future vision that can tear a mind apart
Predicted Iran Escalation, like it's chess
Seen the pieces move and I have to grit my teeth in jest
prophecy disregarded, it's honestly retarded
I put it inside the art, I see it the way I talk it
Upheaval is better darkness than living inside apartments
wondering when the Martial law is gonna get started
Pardon me for the harsh phonics, I'm just getting started
demonic pontification deposited in my conscious
Sharingan optics, metaphoric content
Deleting any verses? My abortions bomb threats
I contort a conscious, like dough to make a pie crust
I throw away my fright's tug show the hate with a white dove
shoulder blades with a famous Chip like it's Skylark
I break the glass ceiling with a cannonball of my dark

[Chorus]
See the posts begin, Ether Dopian
Cold Olympian, protoplasmic wind.
Motivated grin, see the ocean? SWIM!
We control the grim, See the soul of ZIM

[Verse 3]
Bodies pile, Challengers line up to get struck down
Horcruxes of sound waves, I'm daring you! DON'T DROWN
accurate elaborate labyrinth that is packaged in immaculate
pattern recognition, crafted granite
Anti compassionate, magnet to automatic syntactical paths
react to the flow like it's bandwidth
Hear a wack rapper and my hands twitch
rather swallow glass and eat a shit sandwich
Put a wack rapper in a box, typecast like Carlton
Monster with the Inc, Mike Wazowski likes to call me HIM
Screams in a cannister my oxygen
Equalizer, stare inside their soul as I slaughter them
Conqueror, that glows with the black lightning bolts of Zod
Seraphim are hunting me, I have the photograph of GOD!

[Verse 4]
holding back is hard, golden bats can scar
Solar rays can cause cancer, mode of hatred can envoke facade
polarity inside the skull a monochrome tide
Bring both sides to gray is staring at a star die!
Exhausted, the car fumes, black as abyss plumes
My passion was misused, discarded bloody tissue
Heart is simply putty, or it was until they took it from me
Now I'm sickened, ugly... didn't know that I would be disgusting.
necrotic tissue pumping gangrene
pottery of rotten, stitch the sinew, tried to wipe clean
antiseptic stung, til it didn't, but the flesh died
The Tin Man alive but I'm not here to save a life.

I never was.
I'm the executioner that lives to settle scores
I'm the best at spewing words and leaving human sores
I'm the text of Jupiter inside the reddest storm.

SEE MORE!!! STOP!!!
SEE MORE!!! STOP!!!
SEE MORE!!! STOP!!!
PLEASE!!!!!
CLOSE YOUR FUCKING EYES!!!
