It's like the world changed...
Isolated for years,
and now a statement of truth leaves you in worse shape
like birthday cake at Hispanic Parties
they happily pull you apart
and cover your face until you say sorry..
after? they pushing the same button, you become Atari
Stomach lobbying for pity parties, you become the party.
obvious, the opulence enough to break a soldier's arm
Motivated to disrupt the service from a gold facade
black and blue tongue, biting down, paths? Just choose one.
The Psychopath not a new one,
I should have saw the signs, He was Las Vegas
we was flies flying in an echo chamber
High off the vapors of I told you so
and now that all the truth is known, I told you so
has mutated to let it go
but poetic code instills the memory in living stone
Even if I'm dead it wouldn't go, because they lost control
All the manuals of hold on the bottom row are known
now the marketing is code, and connected souls, GO!
Go corner posted, always stay W
Linguistic tactics can suffocate the comfortable
The mortal bruising Homelander with Away Fists.
Psychonaut traveling brainwaves with the grey's lips
Radiating matrix, my lattice like a space ship
The atoms in me shape shifts the moment that I say this.
Nickolodean of Ancient Car Tunes
Painting with raw mood, see the suede shift to leather
Pandemonium tainted,
The podium smashed if you're a fake bitch, taking the mic
walk up to the stage, snatch it and take it
always laugh, but I hate it.
passion displayed tapping the glass but always way too flaccid to break it
Lacking a greatness? Maybe it's self destruction
Maybe the gilded button is trying to tell me something
Ugly duckling becoming a commador of stomach rupture
Wilfred Owen lost inside a trench of sticky won't recover

[Chorus]
Smile as the world Dies,
Wild, the accursed mind
Staring at the sky
To see the clouds for the last time
Looking at the grass before
I feel the shockwave
the buildings are crashing down
a few seconds and I'll be okay

[Postchorus]
A few seconds and I'll be okay
A few seconds and I'll be okay
that's all that It will take
that's all that it will take.

[Verse 2]
Lost when the world,  constantly unfurls like a scroll
Monclaire of the Law, I don't.
lacking rawness? What a massive joke.
Bringing shine to Ear, Cochlear Manifold
Hope that cancel's stone,
Master poet that can evoke cancer potions as antidotes.
Poet bespoke, my flow made the wheel.
I know. Edward Snowden, but a light post.
Letters potent with the nitro-glow.
I'm a pyro citizen, canisters dripping with gold
that I use to explode like this.
Screams from the dead in the mask I sniff. (Spyro)
Fire breath, desire grows like Hydra heads,
entire flow in fire steps.
The rhythm hits, striking with iron fists,
Danny Rand with the hands of a scientist. (Rick!)
Painter of verse, so sadistic,
he can go the distance with broken tendons.
Explode the henchmen who stood at attention.
The minute their knees cracked, I heard it and stepped in.
Burn like the radiation. Absurd
that I play the station,
but can't be the station.
Words creating the stage that I'm placing brick by brick.
I'm the face of creation.
I need to stay low, cause Plato,
Archimedes archetypes
get trapped in the depth of their fluorescent halo.

[Bridge]
Being aware of the chain
doesn't make me less afraid.
Being aware I'm enslaved
doesn't make it okay.

Being aware of the chain
doesn't make me less afraid.
Being aware I'm enslaved
doesn't make it suddenly okay.

Chorus]
Smile as the world Dies,
Wild, the accursed mind
Staring at the sky
To see the clouds for the last time
Looking at the grass before
I feel the shock wave
the buildings are crashing down
a few seconds and I'll be okay

[Postchorus]
A few seconds and I'll be okay
A few seconds and I'll be okay
that's all that It will take
that's all that it will take.
