Speak, and the logic hits you,
Feast on despondence, my profit reached,
by blowing tops off with demonic pistols.
Stomp you to a fossil,
bitch, I'm not a Ginyu,
won't be doing dances, stupid asses getting sniped again.
With punches, hit you,
gloves are sharp with hits, the knuckles came in spirals,
golden swinging, aura like I'm Yoshimitsu.

Mogul with a glowing head exposing feds composed as video celebs,
they don't exist
as self-made, shoulders lifting careers have a dull blade
by pulling so much weight.

Fucking dumb fakes.
Pump-fake bullshitters
sitting on the front page of Twitch,
mascots of the poor-rich.

If I complain,
I'm racist? Or sexist?
The fuck is up with that race?

Running to the last lap,
to pucker up like duck face,
and stare at golden plates
serving shit like I love the taste?

I'd rather flood the banquet hall
with smoke and watch the masks erase!

Liquid lightning snaps the bone,
saliva fused electric, mixed with acetone.
I make the macro grow inside the microphone,
turning bars into a biome when the static clones.

Hiding bones like Hyde alone,
designer coffins shining bright like fireballs from Uchiha homes.
Everybody custom-made until the pattern shows,
so it’s hard to stay bespoke when the algorithm sews.

The Algo-rhythm knows syllable feet will square dance with speech.
No fair chance to toss frags at me, thoughts frantically
collide statistically before the pin is pulled.
I'm there, consistently, as if I know the second someone dares
to ever calculate trajectory.

Annihilate the enemy,
even when I'm split, I'm always V because I'm Double You.
Defeat is so uncomfortable,
that's why I never lose, and if I do, I build for seven years in dark,
then the spark attacks the heart like I'm Dr. Jero.

Incarcerated darkness, impossible snow, spike.
Deposit a paycheck to psychics that break minds like code to a sealed vase.
My motive to rage dwarfs emotions to feel great.
The Oath of Misanthrope Oak, the autumn breeze personified
as Mister No Hope, poetic darkness from a gold throat.

And if I showboat, you see the ferry from the River Styx.
Growing like a pest inside insecticide and pestilence, I need to GO PRO!!!

I NEED TO BREAK IT DOWN EXPLICITLY, I'M WICKED, AND MOST
GET ONE LAYER, BUT I'M CENTURIES OF SEDIMENTARY.
THE PISTOL PETE OF VERBAL PRISMS SPITTING HATEFUL ENERGY.
AGONY CHRISTIE, MYSTERY PRETTY MORPED INTO MELODIES.
AHHH!!!!!

The core blazes like a flying chariot wheel,
harvesting souls from Elysian fields like—

(WAVE!!)

One second, I'm a mile away; the next second, in your face,
and the only thing you heard was the word—

(SHAVE!!)

My birthday?
The words: great, absurd hate, affirmed taste,
perverse length, verse strength,
all engraved in my DNA.

(AYE!)

LONG FACE? You don’t say?
I’m BoJack, soul stained with opaque pride, Capone face.
But inside, a lone ranger the whole time, exposed soul
with no neighbors.

Whole skull’s a dark room,
developing photographs of known dangers.

Misery’s a shark tooth.
They love to pull the heart until the strings become sharp enough
to pull the bone apart.

I won’t embark on voyages
to try to mend a broken heart.
I’d rather build the fort with sorrow,
then burn it to expose it all.

I'll expose it all,
Haunted since the moment that I noticed that my soul was lost
and light inside was frozen and it wouldn't thaw
Confusing sentiment,
elusive medicine, illusions never left, amusing how I thought
I could contain the gift
The pages filled with words with so much letters,
rivaled data sets
The pain, it kept flowing like the geyser had limitless depth
in time, the words were nothing more
than formulas, creation steps
were memorized,
I placed my text and mesmerized, yet every time
the sorrow stained
my corneas would pour but all the pain would never cease
eventually, the strain
of writing every day to numb the pain became the pain and then disease
and now I'm left with memories that never leave
the remedy, eventually will end me
so I let it be,
especially since the pain has never reached trajectory
I want to be a reason other people can contend the Sea
so misery is worth it, never perfect, don't pretend to be
but I'll always SNAP if it means I'll keep identity.
