My style stained with sorrow painted hollow as a hallowed touch
bottled up the mania
the bubbled up zeal percolating in the crucible
and sputtering like lava does.
A musical rebuttal to people saying  I'm nothing but destruction and aloof
discontent in suit buttons
The truth? Nothing has ever helped beside a self destruction
pressing red button instead of ever building something
but the crash still came, 80 K views later with my cursor hovering
over delete the data
but last second, I pulled back, seen the same dumb pattern
playing on repeat, and I couldn't have that.
Now I'm Thunderclap,  I wanna rap for the fun of it
Bucket list
to script the English Lexicon
Legolas, but my bow is a volt, pain glows
exposed in the sky as obsidian rainbows
The motive to rhyme is to prove that I have it still
a Daft Punk that can Rap at will
glassy bones glowing but it can't reveal
Nah... I just need a chance to build
I can't be still, I feel like my past is built
from furnace bricks, furniture has a will
rearranging my brain with the lavish silk

[Chorus]
Surrendered the soul to the pain, of let it be
Confusion in me fused with an entropy
Chains, diffused into energy
Pain, transfused into weaponry
Aim, never miss like I wedding skip
Penmanship with such craft it could pen a ship
Head, full of steam, full of sentiment
Dead, parts of me that couldn't get the hint...

[Postchorus]
Couldn't control me, boiling slowly
trying to hold on,
to all of the old me
and couldn't release it, but something inside me
told me to lay down
surrender, right now
or live a life without me

and I couldn't refuse God.
I'm not proud enough
People don't believe it
but to me, it's enough.

[Verse 2]
Had to see the error of my ways before the ego faded
now it's nothing but opaque paste
over molded cracks of clay
Once golden plaques of pride now a bold mistake
idolized as strength
and it's influence is known to cave
Make no mistake,
my actions are my own, for that I hold the weight
of hurting those that loved me
and abandoning the ones who wait
Now I see a bloody compass never could embrace the storm
Was waiting for the call of God
but he was waiting at my Door
knocking through the storm, I couldn't hear him then
but he was still patient
just waiting at my step for me to make amends
and have a feast, a slice of cake
a warm embrace, a fire place
a sanctuary where you're free to make mistakes and grow from strength
instead of shame..
I was broken, had a sullen name,
and now I'm turning to the Lord
I know now there's no other way
I love humanity,
but the thorn of misanthropy has damaged me
I grew a carapace, contracted disease
of isolation, at least I thought the solitude was pain
but it was volume for a knob I never knew
swallowed up a new name
but stayed true.
I wanted to believe in something truly new to me
an outside influence
and I'm only choosing you.

[Bridge]
Jesus.
God.
My friend.
Save me.

[Cinematic Outro]
wanted to believe in something better
wanted to see you
wanted to know Jesus doesn't need you to bleed blue
wanted answers, and you gave them,
thank you.
Wanted answers, and you gave them, thank you.

I love more than my hatred can take.
so once more I'll erase its remains, I
Feel scared like exposure and stage fright
I guess closure feels scarier than real life.
