[Introduction]
A wrath designed as unsettling
A mastermind of adrenaline
You can't define what I stencil in
Lovecraftian mass with the spine of a gentleman

[Verse 1]
The O3 Octopus!!
Odious, the firearms coated with a monster's touch
Author of the optimized hieroglyphs
Captain of the Starship Enterprise
Conqueror of Barren Skies
Other planets terrified
To be another notch of the bed post that paints the sky
Best host for symbiotes
Wicked quotes glowing in my genes look like chromosomes
Apostrophe indigo, cost of the sickened flow
Postulate a rhythm
Then I concentrate and let it go
Operate a venom flow, better let them know I'm a UFO
Holographic skin, the pixels beautiful.

[Prechorus]
Myth Maker, living NutCracker
Give a tough rapper
Amnesia when the punch shatters
Then they're saying, Oh!
Then they're saying, Oh!
That's why, rapid fire black eyes

[Chorus]
Slow Mo rappers don't know how to go Pro
I'm a real woodsman, Nickname, Bunyan
Mythical punching, monster of one thing
Syllable horror, The Booth is an OH! Zone

[Postchorus]
Syllable horror, The Booth is an OH! Zone
Syllable horror, The Booth is an OH! Zone
Syllable horror, The Booth is an OH! Zone
AND I'LL LOSE IF I DON'T SHOW

[Verse 2]
Who is this unusual dumbass that chose to go one on one
With the vocal pro, should have chose a clone
Homer knows and he has the wisdom not to
Battle from a broken home
Casualty that shattered Rome
Have to be the masochist that threw the bones
Inside the France Catacombs
Catapult one hundred ton boulders with a shoulder throw
Poet with a golden soul
Copious code inscriptions on the broken Throne
Everybody calls the peak, the apostrophe.
I walk alone!

[Bridge]
Looking at these heights, the aerial view
I know it seems nice
Looking at a building's light, it's monoxide
Then you're up for so long you forget what struggle feels like…
close your eyes, and wake up inside a new life
Where you committed suicide yet you didn't die
and even when you look upon a mirror, you don't even try
to smile, cause' the muscles too weak to ever leave the frown
even now I drown inside the sound of silence
seeping out resentment, deep down I want connection, I don't know how.

[Verse 3]
In real life I'm a generator Tokenized with deadly anger
Hope inside converts golden text from a head of vapor
Skull of the Devastator
Glowing with rage, the Whole time
Climbing up the Penance Stares
And I'll still never care
Medicated hatred from the brink of Death
Drinking up duress from the empty prayer
Legend with the seismic step protocol
infect them with a broken maw
Living text is melting through the psychic walls
Master with the lightning jaws
Smiting y'all, striking quick when I'm involved
Cipher Senku couldn't map the mind involved
Alcoholic, like withdrawals
Cyberpunk when rhyming raw
UV blood painting white stains when I expose it all.
Gold. Telling you what I saw? Woah.
Medically, I'm Xenon smoke
Eventually I'm beyond hope
Staring at the neon rope like Go!
Russian Roulette show, you're the front row
Laugh at the gun show, you're having fun though
Dive in depravity, scream Geronimo
Tossing an Axe to me, you pushed the Domino
Raw, on the path of peace, they had to start it though
Causing a casualty, casually

Laugh at the vacancy of light as your eyes dim
 before you die, stare into your eyes and say I'm Him.

If I need a Diamond, it's baseball sized
When I recite schemes and make raw rhymes
They Marvel like Stan Lee, I seek large minds
Til they sit in the back seat, while my speech steers drive
Unmistakable athlete when speech is refined
The graphene spine comes complete with a deep mind
Page One of the Scholomance
Had to wear a baking mitt because the schemes were so advanced
I was crafting suns with a syllable and broken hands
Mastered puns, now the black hole is glowing golden sand

[Prechorus]
Myth Maker, living NutCracker
Give a tough rapper
Amnesia when the punch shatters
Then they're saying, Oh!
Then they're saying, Oh!
That's why, rapid fire black eyes

[Chorus]
Slow Mo rappers don't know how to go Pro
I'm a real woodsman, Nickname, Bunyan
Mythical punching, monster of one thing
Syllable horror, The Booth is an OH! Zone

[Postchorus]
Syllable horror, The Booth is an OH! Zone
Syllable horror, The Booth is an OH! Zone
Syllable horror, The Booth is an OH! Zone
AND I'LL LOSE IF I DON'T SHOW

[Outro]
A symphony of rage, wizardry of burning imagery, bring emergencies to fakes
purposely I break, barriers, I'm the character made of devastating hate
Resonating page after page, when I step, the stage, it incinerates
every day, skeleton ablaze, pens melt from the napalms that concentrate
Logic breaks when I jot a phrase, monster makes authoring a slaughter space
Frolic in abomination, quantum state eliminates you from cyber-space
I'm awake with a burning corpse fireplace
I erase, hurt is more than my disgrace
I can Say---

[Female Spoken Word]
V STOP!!!!!!
It's time to rest. You've done enough.
Please? For me?
I hate to see you like this...
