[Verse 1]
Have you questioning your moves
white knight is Magnus Carlson
tagged in box with text like
GIFs that captured Carlton.
Rapid, box with Times like brawling with editorial
was crafting bars of gold
before the notion of tutorials

Unusual
The flow of industry,
cold of embryonic misery
Encoded in the sickle cells
biologic enemies
Wicked radiation glowing entropy
Pulsating Green,
on repeat like a doppler screen

Storms of monoxide
Opaque clouds,
Ricin toxin stretched across horizon
the sight of it Lovecraftian ink
Demonic Rorschach
Think, and silver cords snap
prediction of a forecast?
Your corpse inside a FOUR CAST!

My white screen seen More unique words
than all of the people in United States Census
Spew rhymes and invented
Pathology of lines
Vectorized compression with a mind driven by TurboQuant
Brutal honed absurdist shine
Divine and deserves the spot
Ironically I'm worse than others
Mother fuckers act abhorrent
Making cookies under covers

I would rather show you I'm a villain from the Start
Boa Hancock but a man, kicking pussies in the heart.
Couldn't handle me, melt veneers when I smack a jaw
And laugh as golden nuggets fall and coat the floor, there's something wrong
vocal cords renowned for a voice that never plays at all
Seen better game from frozen screens with the TV off.

[Cinematic Chorus]
Psychedelic storms of obsidian crimson
Spirals in the wind, I’m prismatic with the fractals
wingspan galactic, cosmic Teradactyl
A phoneme machine gun with hyperbolic ammo

Psychedelic storms of obsidian crimson
Spirals in the wind, I refract inside the fractals
wingspan galactic, cosmic Teradactyl
A phoneme machine gun with diabolic ammo

[Verse 2]
steganographic icon,
bitten Apple in the chapel
Causing static when the mic on, unravel
Incendiary pipe bombs
Admit, I’m scary, quite strong.
Called a Fairy? Jorgen Von Strangle with a bright wand!

So fuck off, they’re tinkerbell.
Mages couldn’t even spell?
Deceitful, acting hard?
Their speech jagged like speak and spells.
Dragon saw the tail between their legs become a tall one.
And even though I noticed, stood quiet and ignored them.

Thinking porcelain’s a throne is annoying on its own,
but shitting where you worship makes the comedy corrosive.
And honestly? The motion probably better when you wrestle with the pigs
But diving just to thrive? You’re not a fish.
What school of thought taught you that it’s easier to fish without a hook
Then it is to stare with spears and a running brook? Listen.

I’m tired of talking and exhausting my breath
For broke judges who would buy me in an auction
I’m tired of being labeled as obnoxious cause’ I’m honest
If you’re trash, then you’re trash, if you’re raw, you have rawness
Living Axiom that swings an Axe to them as if I harvest human wood
They didn’t ask again for me to stop, because they never could.

[Bridge]
Tired of clicking rappers
And instantly listen to disappointment
My insults smooth like my diss is ointment.
Oily slick, cause’ the diss anointed.
Recoil is stiff but the fist in motion
like pistons and split you open
Punches persist through the diss appointments.


[Cinematic Chorus]
Psychedelic swarms forge Olympian crimson
Spirals in the wind, Iridescent in the fractals
wingspan galactic, cosmic Teradactyl
A phoneme Tommy gun using hyperbolic ammo

My electric born from a million inches
Spirals in the wind, interact with the Fractals
wingspan galactic, cosmic Teradactyl
A phoneme Tommy gun using diabolic ammo

[Cinematic Outro]
Diabolic ammo,
I'm a prophet Rambo
Ominous, my hands know
fire from a black robe
Higher with the Wrath,
crash empires with a vast quote
Liars in a mask
sniped with hyperbolic ammo.

Diabolic ammo,
I'm a prophet Rambo
Ominous, my hands know
fire from a black robe
Higher with the Wrath,
crash empires with a vast quote
Liars in a mask
sniped with hyperbolic ammo.



